Added few faqs (#6531)
harness/developer-hub: kb/continuous-delivery/continuous-delivery-faqs.md

#### Can I auto-populate image tags from the previous stage into the next stage of the pipeline?

> For chained pipelines, you need to output a variable from the first child pipeline and use it as input in the second child pipeline. For more information, go to [Chained pipeline output variables](https://developer.harness.io/kb/continuous-delivery/articles/chained-pipeline-output-variables).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For chained pipelines, you must output a variable from the first child pipeline and use it as input in the second child pipeline. For more information, go to [Chained pipeline output variables](https://developer.harness.io/kb/continuous-delivery/articles/chained-pipeline-output-variables).
```

#### Can a user import the service from git by using Harness API?
No, As per the current API design it's not supported.

#### How can a user easily disable the pipeline triggers?
Users can enable/disable the trigger through this API: https://apidocs.harness.io/tag/Triggers/#operation/updateTrigger

#### How can the user use the Plugin step in the CD/Custom stage pipeline?
If the user wants to use the Plugin step in the custom stage, you need to add the step group with Enable container-based execution.
Doc for reference: https://developer.harness.io/docs/continuous-delivery/x-platform-cd-features/cd-steps/containerized-steps/containerized-step-groups/

#### Can a user change the GitOps cluster authentication mechanism from UI in Harness?
Yes, the user can change the authentication type of GitOps cluster from the Harness UI.

#### Can the user add the timeout value to the pipeline without adding to the pipeline template?
If the user wants to make the pipeline timeout changes, the user needs to make the change in the template only if you are using that.

> # # # # Can the two releases have the same name?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Can the two releases have the same name?
```

This error occurs in SSH or WinRM connections when some command is still executing and the connection is closed by the host. It needs further debugging by looking into logs and server resource constraints.

#### Can I import a service from Git with Harness API?

No.

#### How do I disable pipeline triggers?

> You can disable triggers through the **Triggers** page in the UI, or you can use the [Update Trigger endpoint](https://apidocs.harness.io/tag/Triggers/#operation/updateTrigger).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can disable triggers through the **Triggers** page in the UI, or you can use [Update Trigger endpoint](https://apidocs.harness.io/tag/Triggers/#operation/updateTrigger).
```

#### Can I change the GitOps cluster authentication mechanism within the Harness UI?

> Yes.

Reviewer: Mention how. May be add a link if you don't want to mention how here.

#### Can I add a timeout limit to a pipeline created from a template without editing the template?

No. You must edit the template to do this.

#### Can the two releases have the same name?

Yes. The release name is based on `serviceIdentifier-environmentIdentifier-connectorRef-namespace`. If both pipeline have same `serviceIdentifier`, `environmentIdentifier`, `connectorRef`, and `namespace`, then both releases have the same name.

#### In the freeze window, can any user execute the pipeline?

No. Only Admins or users with freeze override permissions can execute pipelines during freeze windows.

#### Is the environment required in a custom stage?

No.

#### How does the custom artifact source work?

In the custom artifact, you must write your own script with the necessary credentials to fetch the artifacts.

#### If I cat and echoe a secret value, is the secret masked in console logs?

This depends on the exact handling and whether Harness can still recognize the concatenated secret as a secret.

For information about secrets masking, go to [Secrets in outputs](https://developer.harness.io/docs/platform/secrets/add-use-text-secrets#secrets-in-outputs).

> #### If an execution is stuck at the resource constraint step, how do I check if the other pipeline is currently running?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### If an execution is stuck at the Resource Constraint step, how do I check if the other pipeline is currently running?
```

> In the execution details, select the resource constraint step and check the running executions in the given list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the execution details, select the Resource Constraint step and check the running executions in the given list.
```

#### Can I run the same pipeline multiple times concurrently on the same infrastructure?

Yes, but you must enable **Allow simultaneous deployments on the same infrastructure** option in the infrastructure definition.

#### Can I create a remotely stored input when running an inline pipeline?

No. Currently, inline-stored pipelines can only use inline-stored input sets.

#### Is there a way to delete orphaned resources from an old manifest that aren't in the current deployment's manifest?

Yes. You can use [Kubernetes pruning](https://developer.harness.io/docs/continuous-delivery/deploy-srv-diff-platforms/kubernetes/cd-kubernetes-category/prune-kubernetes-resources) to do this.

#### If I clone a pipeline, does Harness also make clones of the services used in the pipeline?

No. Harness creates a clone of the pipeline that uses the same service instance from the original pipeline. The service isn't cloned.

#### If I change the service configuration in a cloned pipeline, does Harness also change the original pipeline?

> No, cloned pipelines are independent of each other.
> 
> However, if both pipelines use the same service, and you edit the service itself, then those changes are reflected in the pipelines accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No, cloned pipelines are independent of each other. However, if both pipelines use the same service, and you edit the service itself, then those changes are reflected in the pipelines accordingly.
```

> #### I have a Shell Script step in a Custom stage, but the includeInfraSelectors configuration isn't available

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### I have a Shell Script step in a Custom stage, but the `includeInfraSelectors` configuration isn't available.
```

#### Does the containerized step group's command override CMD and/or ENTRYPOINT?

> When using a Dockerfile with CMD or ENTRYPOINT defined, the value specified in the **Command** field of the Harness container step is overridden by the default entry point of the Docker image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using a Docker file with CMD or ENTRYPOINT defined, the default entry point of the Docker image overrides the value specified in the **Command** field of the Harness container step.
```

However, there are a few of options to work with CMD, ENTRYPOINT, and custom commands together:

- **Execute Entry Point Manually:** You can manually execute the entry point in the "Command" section of the container step after running any other custom commands. This allows you to leverage the default behavior defined in the Dockerfile while also executing additional commands as needed.

> - **Use Containerized Step Groups:** Consider using containerized step groups, where you can add the Docker image as a background step. This setup will execute the default entry point of the image while allowing you to manage other steps concurrently. For more details, refer to the [containerized step groups documentation](https://developer.harness.io/docs/continuous-delivery/x-platform-cd-features/cd-steps/containerized-steps/containerized-step-groups/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Use Containerized Step Groups:** Consider using containerized step groups, where you can add the Docker image as a background step. This setup executes the default entry point of the image while allowing you to manage other steps concurrently. For more details, go to the [containerized step groups documentation](https://developer.harness.io/docs/continuous-delivery/x-platform-cd-features/cd-steps/containerized-steps/containerized-step-groups/).
```

When selecting a connector for a step or other configuration, switch to the **Account** tab to view account-level connectors.

To view connectors outside of a pipeline, you need to go to the account settings and then view the account connectors from there.

> #### I copied and pasted a script from my Windows OS into the Harness script step.  I noticed the yaml section has the entire script in a single line instead of a whole block of code.  How can we correct this?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### I copied and pasted a script from my Windows OS into the Harness script step.  I noticed the YAML section has the entire script in a single line instead of a whole block of code.  How can we correct this?
```

> The issue with your code showing in a single line in the yaml section may be due to copying/pasting from different sources, in this case, from Windows to the Harness UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The issue with your code showing in a single line in the YAML section. This could be due to copy/paste from different sources, in this case, from Windows to the Harness UI.
```

> One suggestion is to use `dos2unix` which should remove the `\r`.  There may be other tools available online to help remove the additional `\r\n` from the text. For example, in Notepad++, you can use the Replace All option to replace the `\r\n` as well as any additional `\` symbols. You can then copy and paste from Notepad++ to Harness to enter a correctly formatted codeblock.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One suggestion is to use `dos2unix` to remove `\r`.  There may be other tools available online to help remove the additional `\r\n` from the text. For example, in Notepad++, you can use the **Replace All** option to replace the `\r\n` as well as any additional `\` symbols. You can then copy and paste from Notepad++ or any other code editor to Harness to enter a correctly formatted code block.
```

#### Can I reference step group variables elsewhere in my pipeline?

> Yes.
> 
> To reference step group varibles in the same step group, use expressions like `<+execution.steps.[step group id].variables.[variable name]>`.
> 
> To reference step group variables outside the step group where you defined them, use expressions like `<+pipeline.stages.[stage Id].spec.execution.steps.[step group id].variables.[variable name]>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Yes. To reference step group variables in the same step group, use expressions like `<+execution.steps.[step group id].variables.[variable name]>`. To reference step group variables outside the step group where you defined them, use expressions like `<+pipeline.stages.[stage Id].spec.execution.steps.[step group id].variables.[variable name]>`.
```

#### When attempting to test a policy set, I get the error "Policy evaluations are created when policy sets are enforced on your Harness entities."

> To resolve this issue, you need to enable the feature flag `OPA_PIPELINE_GOVERNANCE`. Contact [Harness Support](mailto:support@harness.io) to enable the feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To resolve this issue, enable the feature flag `OPA_PIPELINE_GOVERNANCE`. Contact [Harness Support](mailto:support@harness.io) to enable the feature.
```

#### Can I have multiple values for one variable in a pipeline?

> You can redefine variables throughout pipeline execution.
> 
> If you want to have multiple, alternating options available for one variable in the same pipeline, you need to enable the feature flag `PIE_MULTISELECT_AND_COMMA_IN_ALLOWED_VALUES`. Contact [Harness Support](mailto:support@harness.io) to enable the feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can redefine variables throughout pipeline execution. If you want to have multiple, alternating options for one variable in the same pipeline, you must enable the feature flag `PIE_MULTISELECT_AND_COMMA_IN_ALLOWED_VALUES`. Contact [Harness Support](mailto:support@harness.io) to enable the feature.
```

> #### I can use a curl command to clean up execution in my local terminal, but when I put the same command in a pipeline, there is a curl command error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### I use cURL commands to clean up execution in my local terminal, but when I put the same command in a pipeline, there is a cURL command error.
```

The OS referenced is in the base image used to run the pipeline in the Harness platform. For example, if your deployment runs a base version of Linux, then this issue can occur.

> Try updating the curl binary before running it, using yum or apt depending on what Linux flavor you are using.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Try updating the cURL binary before running it using `yum` or `apt` depending on what Linux flavour you are using.
```

#### How do I update role binding for a service account or user group?

You can edit the roles in the Harness Platform or use these endpoints:

* [Delete Role Assignment API](https://apidocs.harness.io/tag/Role-Assignments#operation/deleteRoleAssignment): Remove a role assignment.
* [Create Role Assignment API](https://apidocs.harness.io/tag/Role-Assignments#operation/postRoleAssignments): Add a role.

#### Can I pass sensitive data in a Harness GitOps deployment?

You can use [Mozilla SOPS](https://developer.harness.io/docs/continuous-delivery/gitops/use-gitops/sops), which enables you to securely manage sensitive data by encrypting it before storing it in your Git repository.

> Once encrypted, SOPS decrypts the data during deployment using keys stored as Kubernetes secrets, ensuring that your sensitive information remains protected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once encrypted, SOPS decrypts the data during deployment using the keys stored as Kubernetes secrets, ensuring that your sensitive information remains protected.
```

#### I keep encountering rate limit errors during deployments, leading to failures and leaving our app in an inconsistent state. How can we prevent these failures?

There are several approaches that Harness recommends, depending on which provider you're using:

> - Increase AWS Limits by requesting an [AWS Service Quotas](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/aws_service_limits.html) increase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Increase AWS Limits by requesting an [AWS Service Quota](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/aws_service_limits.html) increase.
```

- Utilize **Setup Backoff Strategy** in the [AWS Connector Settings](https://developer.harness.io/docs/platform/connectors/cloud-providers/ref-cloud-providers/aws-connector-settings-reference/#aws-backoff-strategy).
- Understand Timeout, Retries, and Backoff with Jitter, as explained in the [AWS documentation](https://aws.amazon.com/builders-library/timeouts-retries-and-backoff-with-jitter/).
- For [GitHub rate limit issues](https://developer.harness.io/docs/platform/connectors/code-repositories/connect-to-code-repo/#network-connection-times-out-when-fetching-large-repos), you can:
   - Use a GitHub App for authentication in your GitHub connector.
   - Contact [Harness Support](mailto:support@harness.io) to enable the feature flag `CDS_OPTIMIZED_GIT_FETCH_FILES`, which allows Harness to pull only the necessary files required for deployment based on the commit ID from GitHub.
   - Leverage [Gitx Bidirectional Sync Setup](https://developer.harness.io/docs/platform/git-experience/gitexp-bidir-sync-setup/).

#### Is it possible to move a service from one project to another in Harness?

No. You have to manually recreate the service in the other project.

> #### How should I handle updating Harness delegate images for automation jobs?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### How should I handle updating Harness Delegate images for automation jobs?
```

> When updating Harness delegate images for automation jobs, there are a few considerations to keep in mind. While the latest tag is regularly updated on Docker Hub, it may not always align with the latest version supported for your account. Although the latest tag has been deprecated for Legacy delegates, if you're not currently using any legacy delegates, you can use the latest tag available in Docker Hub without issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When updating Harness Delegate images for automation jobs, there are a few considerations to keep in mind. While the latest tag is regularly updated on Docker Hub, it may not always align with the latest version supported for your account. Although the latest tag has been deprecated for legacy delegates, if you're not currently using any legacy delegates, you can use the latest tag available in DockerHub without issues.
```

> However, it's recommended to use the provided script in our documentation to fetch the latest version from the Harness API. This ensures that you're always using the most up-to-date version supported for your account. Since Harness deploys changes to its SaaS clusters progressively, the features described in release notes may not immediately be available in your cluster.
> 
> For detailed instructions on using the script to fetch the latest delegate version, please refer to our documentation [here](https://developer.harness.io/docs/platform/delegates/manage-delegates/build-custom-images-delegate-dockerfile/#build-the-image).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, it's recommended to use the provided script in our documentation to fetch the latest version from the Harness API. This ensures that you're always using the most up-to-date version supported for your account. Since Harness deploys changes to its SaaS clusters progressively, the features described in release notes may not immediately be available in your cluster. For detailed instructions on using the script to fetch the latest delegate version, please refer to our documentation [here](https://developer.harness.io/docs/platform/delegates/manage-delegates/build-custom-images-delegate-dockerfile/#build-the-image).
```

#### Can I retry only the failed instances in a matrix loop deployment?

> To retry only the failed instances in a matrix loop deployment, enable the retry feature in your pipeline settings. To do this, edit the pipeline configuration, select the **Advanced** tab, and, under the **Pipeline Failure Strategy** section, enable the **Retry** option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To retry only the failed instances in a matrix loop deployment, enable the retry feature in your pipeline settings. To do this, edit the pipeline configuration, select the **Advanced** > **Pipeline Failure Strategy**, and then enable the **Retry** option.
```

For more information, go to [Step Failure Strategy Settings](https://developer.harness.io/docs/continuous-delivery/x-platform-cd-features/executions/step-failure-strategy-settings).

#### How do I enable Harness AIDA on my account?

> Instructions to enable AIDA are provided in the [AIDA Overview](https://developer.harness.io/docs/platform/harness-aida/aida-overview/#enable-aida).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instructions to enable AIDA are provided in the [AIDA Overview](https://developer.harness.io/docs/platform/harness-aida/aida-overview/#enable-aida) documentation.
```

#### How can I generate a policy to block deployments when all tests are not successful?

> Yes. Here's an example policy that denies pipeline execution if any test step fails and can be applied using the **On Run** event for a pipeline:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here's an example policy that denies pipeline execution if any test step fails and can be applied using the **On Run** event for a pipeline:
```

```
package pipeline

# Deny pipelines if any test step fails
deny[msg] {
    # Find all test steps
    step = input.pipeline.stages[_].stage.spec.execution.steps[_].step
    step.type == "Test"
    # ... where the step failed
    step.status == "FAILED"
    # Show a human-friendly error message
    msg := sprintf("test step '%s' failed", [step.name])
}
```

#### How do I create a trigger to deploy the "last successfully deployed version"?

To achieve this, use Harness expressions in a [new artifact trigger](https://developer.harness.io/docs/platform/triggers/trigger-on-a-new-artifact), such as `<+lastPublished.tag>`.

> For example, if you want the pipeline to deploy the artifact version that initiated the trigger, you can use the expression `<+trigger.artifact.build>`. However, if you want the pipeline to deploy the last successfully published artifact version, then use `<+lastPublished.tag>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if you want the pipeline to deploy the artifact version that initiated the trigger, you can use the expression `<+trigger.artifact.build>`. However, if you want the pipeline to deploy the last successfully published artifact version, use `<+lastPublished.tag>`.
```

> #### How can I securely deploy .pfx certificate files in Harness?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### How can I securely deploy `.pfx` certificate files in Harness?
```

Storing a `.pfx` certificate file directly in Harness File Store or Secret Manager isn't feasible. However, you can convert the `.pfx` file into Base64 format:

1. Convert the `.pfx` file into Base64 format.
2. Save the Base64 string in either a Secret or File Store.
3. Reference the stored Base64 string using the appropriate variables:
   - If saved as a Secret, use `<+secrets.getValue("SCOPED_SECRET_ID")>`.
   - If saved in File Store, use `<+fileStore.getAsString("SCOPED_FILEPATH")>`.
4. After referencing, convert the Base64 string back into binary format using a command such as:

   ```
   <+secrets.getValue("testcert.txt")> | base64 -d > testcert.pfx
   ```

For more information, go to [Use Config Files in Deployments](https://developer.harness.io/docs/continuous-delivery/x-platform-cd-features/services/cd-services-config-files/).

#### Can I change the Harness UI language to French?

No, localization is currently not supported in the Harness Platform.

#### Does the Community Edition of Harness support RBAC?

Yes.

#### Does the S3 Trigger support detecting file additions?

Yes.

> #### What is the NextGen equivalent for the WinRM_ConnectionAttribute variable from Harness FirstGen?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### What is the NextGen equivalent for the `WinRM_ConnectionAttribute` variable from Harness FirstGen?
```

In Harness NextGen, the WinRM connection is included in the infrastructure definition. You can utilize an expression or runtime input to specify which credential identifier it will use for the WinRM connection.

#### Can I compare environment services in Harness?

> Currently, this isn't possible in the UI; however, you can use the Harness API to retrieve environment configurations and compare them externally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, this isn't possible in the UI. However, you can use the Harness API to retrieve environment configurations and compare them externally.
```

Reviewer: Mention the API or add link to API documentation.

#### Can I get execution logs for the last 12 months?

> If your account has 12-month data retention enabled, then:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your account has 12 month data retention enabled, then:
```

> 1. Go to the deployments page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go to the Deployments page.
```

2. Select **More Options** (&vellip;), and select **Start New Deployment**.
3. Select **Export Logs**.

If you encounter an error related to downloading too many logs, add a filter to the deployment to limit it to a smaller timeframe for each export.

#### I can't get a scripts output variable

This can happen if the script exits before the variable is exported. Make sure the script isn't exiting too soon, such as a force exit command.

#### Can I delete a service that has active instances?

Harness recommends cleaning up the running instances, otherwise you can use the force delete option:

1. Go to **Account Settings**, select **Account Resources**.
2. Select **Default settings**, select **General**, and then select **Enable force delete**.

#### Timeout issues in Custom HTTP Step

> Try directly running the curl command from the delegate to determine if there is a network issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Try directly running the cURL command from the delegate to determine if there is a network issue.
```

> #### Can I adjust the column width in the execution history?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Can I adjust the column width in execution history?
```

No.

> #### Can I change the order of the artifact versions in the dropdown list?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Can I change the order of the artifact versions in the drop-down list?
```

No.

#### Can I create global Slack notifications in Harness?

No. You can set up notifications for each pipeline individually, but not globally.

> #### Can I display a custom error from a shell script instead of the default "Shell Script execution failed."?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Can I display a custom error from a shell script instead of the default "Shell Script execution failed"?
```
